Governance: add working group governance and working group template (#21)
tikv/community: wg/README.md

# Working Group

A Working Group is formed by community developers who gather together to accomplish a specific goal. To achieve the goal, some WGs may span over multiple SIGs, and some WGs may only focus on something specific in a specific SIG.

> Each WG has its life cycle. Once the goal is completed, the group will be disbanded. The only goal of WG operations and management is to ensure that the goals set by the group are completed at the right time. In general, the working group hold periodic meetings to summarize the current project progress and determine the plans for next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each WG has its own life cycle. Once the goal is completed, the group will be disbanded. The only goal of WG operations and management is to ensure that the goals set by the group are completed at the right time. In general, a WG hold periodic meetings to summarize the current project progress and determine the plans for next steps.
```
